friends we are in grow again
and learn to survive in the conditions of the latter
game updates
collect stone tree to
make a powerful beater and here we are
have done now the tree we will mine
much faster and the tree will tell you
much more will be needed now
since the construction system has changed
make paper then plan do beater
specifically for building and building
the foundation of the foundation we will be with you 2
on 3
as you see now the foundations and other
construction objects materializes
immediately of course we can clapper
help build and strengthen the right
click the mouse on the foundation
a circular menu appears where we choose
necessary building objects
we put the walls we put the doorway
we install the ceiling now the stairs
you do not have such rolling drawers
sleeping bag is installed on the second floor
now the window opening is done with the grille
finish building ceiling diluted
bonfire to go to its menu
need to hold the letter e also put
About 60 firewood is enough for
to fry meat and not overcook
set it up the cabinet is done in order
so that the raiders could not build
nothing but near your house like you
you see, even I can't do anything
build until i
I log in to this closet
we put firewood metal sulfur into the furnace
at the door set code lock as
I usually set all the fives and
close the door the way the door is now
You can also knock by holding the letter e
wall can be upgraded for this
we take up the beater with the right key
click on the wall and modernize and
if we have the necessary materials
door can be upgraded right up to
level three is metal as you see
Now objects of the house can be dismantled
so well, we do beam balcony by the way
I recommend to do always
and I also recommend going out through
him as if you go out below you
can always catch traders now
let's look at the physics we
dismantled one square of the foundation and
half the house fell apart
dress up buy pants shoes
mask shirt and body armor in order to
naked men with spears did not kill us
Immediately take it all over and ready
now we will make guns and bullets to him
we have everything you need in the game
appeared
ur and we can also hunt them
rifles are very powerful weapons you can
easy to kill from the first shot even
bears on this all subscribe to
thick
see you grow up bye